Review Subspace network protocol titles (#37)
subspace/subnomicon: docs/intro.md

---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
description: Intro to the Autonomys Network Protocol, Subspace
keywords:
    - Introduction
    - Welcome
last_update:
  date: 05/01/2024
  author: Saeid Yazdinejad
---

# The Autonomys Network Protocol

> The Autonomys Network is the first layer-one blockchain that can fully resolve the blockchain trilemma. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Autonomys Network is the first layer-one blockchain that can fully resolve the blockchain trilemma.  It implements the Subspace protocol, based on the original multi-year research.
```

<div align="center">
    <img src="/img/Trilemma.png" alt="Farmers_Trilemma" />
</div>

> We have built the Autonomys Network from the first principles to simultaneously achieve scalability, security and decentralization. At its core, Autonomys Network introduces a novel storage-based consensus protocol that separates consensus from execution. This proposer-builder separation allows Autonomys Network to independently scale transaction throughput and storage requirements while maintaining a fully decentralized blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have built the Autonomys Network from the first principles to simultaneously achieve scalability, security and decentralization. At its core, Autonomys Network implements Subspace, a novel storage-based consensus protocol that separates consensus from execution. This proposer-builder separation allows Autonomys Network to independently scale transaction throughput and storage requirements while maintaining a fully decentralized blockchain.
```
